test 1	Prependsuccess
test 1	Prepend	failed
test 1	Prepend	success
test 1	Length	failed
test 2	Prepend	success
test 1	Length	failed
test 2	Prepend	success
test 1	Length	success
test 2	Prepend	success
test 1	length	failed
test 2	prepend	failed
test 1	length	failed
test 2	append  success
test 1	length	success
test 2	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	failed
test 3	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	failed
test 4	append	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	failed
test 5	prepend	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	failed
test 5	prepend	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 1	length   	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare   	success
test 4	append   	success
test 5	prepend  	success
test 6	getString	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	success
test 8	uppercase	failed
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	success
test 8	uppercase	success
test 1	length	success
test 2	character	success
test 3	compare	success
test 4	append	success
test 5	prepend	success
test 6	getString	success
test 7	lowercase	success
test 8	uppercase	success
